that's a lovely lovely voice let the
games begin
gozu take control take control of your
city this this is the instrument of your
liberation satellite shows a radiation
spike whatever it is it's no clear to
the world Kabul was confirmed dead plane
crash on an agency pull out of us Beca
ston but it looks like it's him good
what is this fully Prime aarambam the
blast Rajas have seen six miles and who
is capable of delivering subsidization
only me do you
thank you good doctor now
this palm is armed this bomb is mobile
and the identity of the triggerman is a
mystery for one of you holds the
detonator that we came here about this
conquerors but as liberators to return
control this city to the people and at
the first sign of interference from the
outside world for those people
attempting to flee this anonymous
government this answer here will trigger
the boom balloon saloon is it a second
repair jobs all your family's clothes a
great
to borrow your claim what is rightfully
yours